Updating the edge tutorial following the latest changes to the edge installation scripts (#48)
crate/cloud-getting-started: docs/edge.rst

.. rst-class:: open

* It must contain at least three nodes (for high availability).

>   You can also run development workloads on a single-node cluster, however please note

Reviewer: Line too long. Please wrap all lines after 80 characters

>   You can also run development workloads on a single-node cluster, however please note

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You can also run development workloads on a single-node cluster. Note, however,
```

>   that you will only be able to provision single-node CrateDB "clusters";

Reviewer: I'm not sure I understand this - what is the 'however' here?

Author: I think you changed that in one of the suggestions and I applied it.

* Sufficient CPU per node to run the CrateDB Cloud software stack and the OS
  (we recommend at least 4 CPU cores for reliable performance);

* A Kubernetes version > 1.15;

* A Kubernetes Load Balancer for accessing CrateDB Clusters;

* A storage class for persistent data.

Beyond this, using the CrateDB Cloud stack requires creating a CrateDB Cloud
account and an organization, which will become the owner of the Edge region in
which the cluster can be deployed. One must also access the CrateDB Cloud
Console in order to deploy the cluster itself, using the provided script. These
steps will be explained below.

.. NOTE::

>     A special note about Bare Metal Kubernetes clusters. CrateDB Edge should work on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A special note about bare metal Kubernetes clusters. CrateDB Edge should work on
```

>     any bare-metal cluster, however the CrateDBs running within require a Load Balancer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    any bare metal cluster, but the CrateDB instances running within require a load balancer
```

>     for outside access. If you do not have a Load Balancer (such as `MetalLB`_), you can

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for outside access. If you do not have a load balancer (for example `MetalLB`_), you can
```

>     still access the CrateDB Clusters within, however will need to figure out the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    still access the CrateDB clusters within, but you will need to figure out the node
```

.. rst-class:: open

* It must contain at least three nodes (for high availability).
  You can also run development workloads on a single-node cluster. Note,
  however, that you will only be able to provision single-node

>   CrateDB "clusters";

Reviewer: You can wrap "CrateDB" inside the previous line

* Sufficient CPU per node to run the CrateDB Cloud software stack and the OS
  (we recommend at least 4 CPU cores for reliable performance);

* A Kubernetes version > 1.15;

> * A Kubernetes Load Balancer for accessing CrateDB Clusters;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A Kubernetes load balancer for accessing CrateDB Clusters;
```

Admin UI`_ using the username and password you have defined and the URL of your
cluster.

.. NOTE::

>     If your Kubernetes cluster does not provide a Load Balancer with an external IP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If your Kubernetes cluster does not provide a load balancer with an external IP
```

>     address, you will not be able to access your cluster from the Cloud Console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    address, you will not be able to access your cluster from the CrateDB Cloud Console.
```

Admin UI`_ using the username and password you have defined and the URL of your
cluster.

.. NOTE::
    If your Kubernetes cluster does not provide a load balancer with an external IP

>     address, you will not be able to access your cluster from the CrateDB Cloud Console.

Reviewer: Lines still too long

.. _ingress-nginx: https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx
.. _installation instructions: https://kubernetes.github.io/ingress-nginx/deploy/
.. _subscription plan: https://crate.io/docs/cloud/reference/en/latest/subscription-plans.html
.. _support email: support@crate.io

> .. _MetalLB: https://metallb.universe.tf/

Reviewer: Links are in alphabetic order
